Before we start making our fixes and adjustments
to the layers, one more step is required.
Let’s import a mockup of our actual video.
Now let’s arrange and resize it.
We can see that this video layer already has
the correct length after import - 5 seconds.
All the imported layers from the PSD, on the
other hand, are set to a default one-second
duration because the PSD doesn’t contain
any information about animations, transitions,
or similar.
And if we go through the video, we can see
what is actually supposed to happen.
Looks simple enough, so let’s dig a little
deeper into this.
We are starting with a white background, our
non-glow shoe, and a black logo.
Then immediately, this black slider comes
in from the top, goes behind the shoe, and
the black logo disappears due to the background
being black.
Then shortly before the one-second mark, the
top white text fades in and grows larger.
So two animations are happening at the same
time: a fade and a zoom-in.
And at around the same time, our shoe starts
to glow.
About a second later, the bottom text starts
to appear with the same effect: It fades in
and zooms in.
This composition stays for a while until,
at the four-second mark, the black slider
falls out again to the bottom.
Since the white background becomes visible
again, the top white text in front of it disappears.
However, the bottom text fades out right before
the black slider passes it so that the black
logo is visible again without being overlayed
with the bottom text.
Around this time, the glow-version of the
shoe also disappears again.
And now this video loops back to the beginning.
Overall not too complicated, but complex enough
for a bit of a challenge.
So let’s hide our video mockup layer and
get started with making the adjustments to
our layers to actually build our video.